there's another one just a little guy we
got on pretty good school over here
probably yeah so yeah right name George
just come out around the point you'll
see it okay okay oh I couldn't get down
to the bottom that's a better fish
that's a better fish
well maybe not that was quick yeah
yeah Wow right there's another one okay
oh yeah oh yeah that's way get to the
bottom right
there we go
stripey
there we go there we go
all right yes I am
very much so their little shower again
yeah 30 32 35 John's this gets one every
cast he's kicking my ass all right
what's that hold in my mouth Oh that'll
get it yeah you got a hold it wide open
stick your tongue out how's Karen
lookers you've gotta live with
just up on the flat